chore: update README (#1531)
logto-io/logto: README.md

Logto[^info] helps you build the sign-in experience and user identity within minutes.

**Highlights**

- A frontend-to-backend identity solution.
  - A delightful sign-in experience for end-users and an OIDC-based identity service.
  - Multi-platform SDKs that can integrate your apps with Logto quickly.
- Out-of-box technology and UI support for many things you needed to code before.
  - A centralized place to customize the user interface and then LIVE PREVIEW the changes you make.
  - Social sign-in for multiple platforms (GitHub, Google, WeChat, Alipay, etc.).
  - Dynamic passcode sign-in (via SMS or email).
- Fully open-sourced, while no identity knowledge is required to use.

>   - Super easy setup (less than 1 min via GitPod, not joking), step-by-step tutorials and decent docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Super easy setup (less than 1 min via GitPod, no joking), step-by-step tutorials and decent docs.
```

Author: will discuss offline

>   - A full-function web admin console to manage the users, identities, and other things you need within a few clicks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A full-function web admin console to manage the users, identities, and other things you need with just a few clicks.
```

Author: will discuss offline
